Is it his own story? Yeah, he's part of his bible. He's his term. And that is now is actually what
all these thetans every thetans that you know when you read the life story of the thetans
they really goes to the period of the Copper Glory Mountain, Guru Rinpoche period around
at least one time, times. And mostly it is a time in the dreams or the vegans of course,
dreams and vegans, that every thetans. So it's very fascinating, fascinating and I just like to
read that to you and tell you that. So this is now Ratna Lingpa and he said he was a good now
and so he discovered the Terma teaching at 30s. At 37 he has obstacles in his lives, lives that was
said in the professors or in the predictions in at 37s. And so I should do some more practices
meditation. So he's doing retreat for one year during that time and so well he's in a in a in a
that this is doing retreat and he has a dream in the 10th day night, night the dream and
part beautiful girls with the bone ornaments came to me. To me they all said let's go to the
sung area. The sung area is a Tibetan area and sung. It is all the same Tibetan but the
none of us was born in the wood. So they said, let's go to the sung areas. There you have large
length beneficial activities to do. And you don't have much beneficial activities in here,
let's go there. And I said, I have not completed my teaching so what I have to do here. So I want
to
go for three years. I won't go for three years. And then they said, okay, noble son, this year
you have some obstacles so therefore you should practice. And afterward you should do then more
beneficial activities. That's correct. So he dreamed that, that night. Then again at that same
must be same night and another beautiful lady came with him with his ribbon shorts. Okay and
with him, with him, with the dhammaru and the bells. And they also said, here you don't have
much really beneficial activities. Why we don't go to the west? West, west. All goes, go some other
areas. Why you go here? And so he had that. And then he thought, am I really die for a few years?
Yes, I have to do a lot of this beneficial activity to fulfill my obligation. Then I will go to the
building or some of them. But I still not completed everything what I have to do, do of these lives
.
So I won't go. And then you should do, so that's what he thought. And again, that must be
again that night. Night. Then maybe that midnight or that latter night. That latter of that night.
And so I did a lot of again praise, praise, praise. And then that moment, well I'm praying,
there's prayer class, which is moved by the wind, wind. And then the wind of fragrance came, came,
came. And then that moment in the southwest direction, I looked up in the sky.
There's a young boy, looks like an earlier old boy, really born on a man and holding
Kathanga, the trident underneath the arm. And with Dhammaru and Bill, he's dancing.
And together there's many ladies with born on a man's, again they are holding big ribbons
that which has long, has like two elbow sides, long sides. And they are kind of playing that
in the sky. Those ribbons are pluming in the sky, kind of just like, like this. Plucking, plucking,
plucking that. And everyone doing kind of different, different dancing. Dancing moves like,
when I kind of see these. That moment I was kind of, remember, strongly of the Gurbel Masambhala,
Gurbel Masambhala, in my devotions it becomes so strong, strong. I said, kind of, I made strong
prayers, strong prayers and strong meditation. Kind of feel that we're tired and then I fall asleep
,
fall asleep. And when I fall asleep, sleep, sleep. And again in the sky of the west,
west skies, there's a beautiful sound of the bell and a Dhammaru king. And now he's sleeping,
he's in a dream, dream. And there are also some, what's called whistles, whistles king.
And there is another beautiful lady, young girl. Five of them with the born on a man, with ribbons
and with tassels and kind of, as a dancing tourist king. He said, they all came to him,
all noble yogi. Noble yogi, why you're so kind of yearning or calling to that, calling to Guru
Mooji. Have you really missed too much, Guru Mooji? Let's go to Gurbel Masambhala Beole Land.
And they are having, now in the Beole Land of Gurbel Masambhala, they have big, big ceremonies
of the three root, Guru Deva and Dakini ceremony. So we actually come to call you brother to come,
to come there. And extend or activate your realization. Let's go together,
together. When this is that, I can't remember the privilege, the privilege that he's,
the other day that when he's made the first time in Gurbel Masambhala, that he's hoping that 11
activities of Gurbel Masambhala's story, life story of the 11 activities of Gurbel Masambhala.
He's hoping that day, Guru Mooji, he can't remember or he went to the Beole Land of the
Gurbel Masambhala. Some of them. So he can't remember that. But he said that when Guru
Gurbel Masambhala went to the Beole Land of Gurbel Masambhala, he went kind of a bit
long, long, understand the difficult way. So I thought, I won't go now. He thought, I think,
thought, I won't go now. And every, ever I go there, you have easy method that I can reach
there easily. He said, I can reach easily there. And there is one girl that which is white girl,
white color, white girl, he pulled out from his head pocket, pocket, white scarf, white scarf the
size of the one elbow, one elbow and to the length is about three, three length of the fingers or
this
finger one. Five inches or so, that means about 15 inches or 16 inches. And it, so he pulled and
two, two, two other girls, the two, two girls that hold the other side, the scarf, piece, you sit
here
there and do the practices and some kind of dancing activity, if you didn't miss it though, you
should
do those. And then you will reach through in front of Gurbel Masambhala very easily, easily, and
they
give him dirty and terrible, very dirty. So the four sides, Dakini, these four ladies, are left up
his scarf. And they all left up in the sky, feel that he's living in the sky. They all dancing,
dancing, dancing with the seven branch accumulation prayer, they're kind of joining that in the
left
up the sky. And I'm praying, I bring seven line prayers and three, Kaya prayer of the llamas,
I pray. So then now he left in the sky. And then when you kind of left in the sky, he saw
above the sky, when he looked, he looked at the earth, he saw the Shambhana, which is in Nepal,
very famous stupa, you see. They kind of said, oh, this is a beautiful stupa, that actually, all
these
symptoms really, when they went, I kind of read many times, had similar things. They left it up in
the sky. And then Dakini's Italian, all these see this, they don't see the kind of different places
,
the holy places in Nepal, in India, and all that. And they all went to the south west.
West, that's so here. They saw this Shambhana, and there's a beautiful stupa, and as well as many
other beautiful stupa. He saw the whole area of the Kathmandu, Kathu areas. And then went far away,
and then he saw continually, they were walking for the west, southwest directions, southwest
directions. And then he saw the Asura caves, southern Asura caves. And there's also,
Asura caves is where the Murpema Sambhar practice, the meditator, where the guy practices. So this
is
where there is really still beautiful hand practice, we see. And some say this hand
practice in Murpema Sambhar, and some say it's maybe some other great masters, but whoever,
it's very famous place. We saw that. And then he's continually moving now, moving. And then he said
there's a beautiful Chudribas he saw, and Bhidwa there is a beautiful also big temples and stupas.
And these ladies said, oh this is the Buddha guy, and they're making a lot of kind of great
offerings
to the guy. And I also met offering grace to them. And then went and went, so I went kind of really
,
and then he said all the different things, one after another. So I went to the, from the
manipulations, then they reached above the Odhayana, and they said this is the Odhayana,
and then they went, and there's a beautiful now ocean. Ocean is just looks like sky, it looks like.
And the father, beyond the ocean, then he saw this red capo glory mountain places. He said this is,
and he thought this is now another capo glory mountains. Maybe we have to come down onto this
place or land down, landing on these places. And then in my heart, then I have thought maybe I
now can go back to Tibet. Tibet, he kind of feel a little bit funny about that. Maybe I cannot go
back to Tibet now. And then this lady said, brother, you don't have to be sad so much. This
is now you're really approaching to the capo glory mountain. Look to this, this, and this, and that
,
they again showed many places. And then they reached to the capo glory mountains, and again there's
a lot of land formations and beautiful places, and also practical places, one after another this.
And
these rocky mountains are like so steep and sharp, and standing up the top, and so many places, one
after another, all that places. And then that when they arrived there, and then all those ladies
are kind of like, they will come down to the ground, and they drop the holding the scarf,
that they drop it, and they said, now you sit here. So then they sit or they stop their short time.
And that moment, not on the on the scarf, now somehow they kind of lift up as the bird,
and there is in the middle of the, this is all the drill them down,
and there's beautiful stupa, stupa, and there is now many beautiful flowers, and big flowers,
and there is then the temple of the three, three Buddha, such as Avalokudishevara,
Jayasay, Avalokudishevara, Manjushri, and Vayayaparnas. And so, and
then they completed that one lady, lady who pulled out that scarf, for all, she pulled by that
scarf,
and she put that in the pockets. And then they went there, for the walk forward, there is beautiful
crystal, bold, big border, where they also put footprint of the Gurbama symbols. And then, and
they said, and then, now you should circle and balance it to this temple of simplicity.
When you go back to Tibet, you should write down all this experience, and what you saw is
good for your future disciples, and your students, good, and should write that, so that they said
that. But then they went all the, take different locations, different places, one after another,
maybe so many, just beautiful things. And so that really beautiful sight, seeing,
tools, everywhere, they went, manipulations to that. And now finally, they come back, kind of came
to the very beautiful, what's called, boundary walls, beautiful boundary walls. And that is the
situation there is, then, the throne of Gurbama symbol, Gurbama symbol. In that, when they entered
nearby there, is one beautiful young lady, lady, about a 16-year-old, old, and she is white,
with the red edges, and wearing all the beautiful ornaments, such as gold, turquoise, and, and the
jewels, many of these, and came, and she hold, held his hands, and he, he, what's called, she bet,
bet into his head, his, and said, oh, wonderful, now you, son, able to come to Gurbama. I'm also
happy. Let's go inside. And so, when she said that, and he couldn't recognize her, and he asked,
he asked, who are you? Who are you? And she asked, you don't recognize me? And, and I am, and
because
I don't recognize, I come from Tibet, Tibet, and, and because, and please bless me, and help me,
help me, when, when I said that, and she said, she said that to you, oh, this is because you're
obscured by the, by the, by the obscurations of the taking birth, and that's what is happened,
but if you don't, don't recognize, I'm the winner, I was in Tibet, I was known as, as,
now, I'm, I'm the daughter of the king of the cannibal, or this, and queen of, the queen of
a, queen of bulletfulness, queen of bulletfulness, and also my name is Madik Bongmi, and from,
from the beginning time, until you, now, until now, I've been always help you, and protect you,
that is I am, I am. When she said that, I was so happy, I tried to help Pete, and said,
all kindness, mother, you help me always, and please, continue hold me with your conviction.
When I said that, she said, let's go in, and all those other girls, but before those other girls,
also did, let's go in, and many, many students are coming to receive empowerment
from work in my summer, let's go in, everyone says. When I came in that, in the temple, big temple,
there's so many Nakhinis, are dancing, singing, and many other prepare, preparation for the big
soak ceremony, big ceremonies, and then I went up there, and inside there's another steps, steps
of the, the corporate steps, and the step of, climb up that couple steps, and when I got there,
inside there is beautiful, again, flowers of the temple, all the underneath floor is completely
golden floor, and radiating the light. And Gurga Maasambhav is sitting on the beautiful
throne and passing to the east directions, east directions, and he is sitting as a Sambo guy,
sorry, Sambo guy, also the Nama guy, customs, and many students sitting with beautiful,
and, and then when I arrived today, mother is in Tokyo, but that gave me one conch shell,
and one bell and a dodi in my hand, and asked to make that offering to Gurga Maasambhav.
So I, I, I offered that to him, I met so many postulations, I kind of feel very lonely and
yearning, and even I cried, and precious teacher, please bless me, hold me, and Gurga Maasambhav
put
his hand on my hand, and he said, welcome, noble son, of course I will keep you always in my
protection, very supportive that you are able to come here, and let's be together with ceremony,
and keep everything with your unforgettable memory, memories, keep that, it's wonderful
and precious circumstances that you have to come, it will help to your, your disciple,
disciple, disciple, disciple, and it will help. Today you offer me the conch shell,
it will help, it is indicating your thinking will be spread to every direction,
many, nobody not here, and you offered me the bell, that Sambo guy, excuse me, the customs are
in, in separable ripples, and, and in separable meanings, and all over your disciples, you also
welcome to these pure levels, and today we're making preparation, preparations of these big
ceremonies,
so that's what Murpema Maasambhav said, when I saw the preparations, preparation ceremonies,
and now I see the great master, Nanko Nyumko, Mero Thanam, and Sanghi Ishii, Karthi Zan,
they are like taking the responsibility of the, the rest of our ceremonies, responsibilities,
and then are there all the disciples in there, so many are there, and so I can't recognize that,
so many, and so many also cannibal men and females, every Monday, and all this thing
now began to prepare to join to the practices. In front of the door, the, and the master,
Nanko Nyumko, Nanko Nyumko, as you all know, the one of the disciples who is riding the sun light,
one of the 25 disciples, or one of the heart, nine heart-like disciples, and Vero Jana,
they both are making big ceremony, they're subjugating or removing the obstacles,
obstacles, and then that ceremony time, Murpema Maasambhav, sitting on the lines thrown,
standing at lines, kind of supporting, and that the throne has five levels, above that there is
like a, like corpse, above that is the then lotus, the five, one thousand meter lotuses, above that
then kind of beautiful, what's called, again perfect, very beautiful, public kind of layout,
nearby that Murpema Maasambhav, sitting, sitting, and in the right side of the Murpema Maasambhav,
then all these great masters of the 25 disciples, such as Nanko Nyumko,
Sanki Yihi, Yarra Jovin, Pari Yihi, Pari Sange, Parmin, and Asara, they all lined up in the right
side,
and in the left side, there is then, Vero Jana, Nyanakkumara, Asara Yihi, Dematsemi,
Shela Menzu, Dodin, Dondor, they all lined up there, everyone is wearing lotus hats,
and the center of the beautiful meadow, about like four square and height, as I said, one elbow
height,
and the three sides of the Murpema Maasambhav, Madarava, Ishinshoyas, they all sitting,
and in the southern direction, there is, then Menendakkumara, Trashichandi, Nomsa,
Shemsa, and then many Menendakkumara, and as well as with the daras, male,
male, he don't recognize, and in the northern direction of the Murpema Maasambhav,
Parmin, Shaka, Menendakkini, Sajas, Parmin, Shaka, Devi, Shekha, Dodin himself, Choruza,
Rheuza, Parthim, Shani, Sherza, Mohi, Parthi, Manchur, Rhechinsu, Nunesa, all those are the
disciples of Murpema Maasambhav, Prima disciples of Murpema Maasambhav, they all sitting there.
And then, they all wearing lotus hats, and then other side of that, these different directions,
there is so many again, again, many many Ratenus, all this like, this from that cannibal country,
the cannibal countries, the older ones, young ones, and boys, and the girls, and then also,
so many are lined up this, and then Yachim Todja asked him over here, said, Yachim Todja asked me
to come to sit with him, so I came to stay with him, here with that. And they did big ceremonies,
big ceremonies, big ceremonies, and then they did and feel that they did ceremony about 21 days,
this. And then they all the detailed ceremony, involvement, everything is so detailed, and
everything that Murpema Maasambhav told, Murpema Maasambhav said, there are so many things I couldn
't
write down here, that's what they said, and give empowerment, and the teachings, everything's that.
So those all, and then they give lot of empowerment, teachings, and see all the Buddhas, such as
Buddha Amitabha, Avaloknishvara, Hayangirva, Thara, and Vedayogini, everyone, all that this is,
and in the mandala, all, one after another, and this again, so many beautiful, really displaced
explanations. And then that, and so, and then he just, and then they had beautiful, again,
ceremony, beautiful fruit, beautiful flowers, beautiful food, and then among that, and that
one lady who came, or the girls who came with a white hand, and five girls, one of them came,
came to me and gave me three prutas. Prutas, and I add that, it's just so delicious, I can't
explain
how delicious it is. And then there's so many, also these men and females of the cannibals are
receiving the teachings, and so many dakinis are dancing, and this beautiful stadium, there's so
many beautiful flowers, flowers, and dancing, and having the big kind of parties, celebrations,
briefings, so this is just, everything is just one after another, all that.
And then now, so then, and we talked about all, there's so many, again, things, I'm not really
going
through all that, but finally, Gautam and Masambha said, in Sri Arundel, Sri Arundel,
listen, noble son, this year you have some bumpy, your life has some difficulty, but now is removed
,
you should keep every teaching and practicing as you received. Among that, the hard practice of the
two dakas, that is the my hard practices, and that is the trail of the Tibetans, and keep that
practice, and share that to the others, and go, and keep the good conductors, keep your samayas,
keep the the bodhicitta, and to benefit all beings, and everyone who's connected to you,
welcome to this pure lens, and you're going to benefit, get ready for the whole world,
and particularly to the Tibetans. Tibetans, you will be going to benefit, and do that,
and don't forget, don't forget what I said. He said that, and then I, he's going to come, and
I feel kind of so happy in the joy, when he said that, that I hold, touch hand, hold his feet,
and he said, now going back to Tibet is, is so difficult. Even going back to Tibet, even the
Buddha, Buddha came to Tibet, is not going to really benefit. There's so many kind of like,
things happening, there's so many emotions are coming, one after another, it's that, and I was
really tired and bored, and so let me please, master, dear father, let me stay here, here,
and I'd like to be here. This is good. Back to Tibet is so much. He said, again Gurbel Massama said
,
dear son, don't give up your bodhicitta. Do you remember when you allowed Rosa? Rosa, that means
one of 25 disciples, or the predecessor of Venerable. Remember what you did, bodhicitta aspirations
,
or bodhicitta aspirations, and that bodhicitta aspiration, you have to propel right now.
Whoever connected to you, whether it's good connected, whether it's bad connection,
you're going to help with that. Don't discourage it, increase your bodhicitta, and do benefit for
all the sentient beings. And you have variety of the tools to benefit all the big, all the beings.
Don't hold back those, share those teachings as much as you can, and your lineage will be,
will be uninterrupted, will help. And this your teaching, what you're revealing, that will become
hot vitality, or hot essence of the teachings, and I will bless you all the time. Don't,
don't give up, bless, I mean, don't give up your bodhicitta. So Gurbel Massama said that,
I feel so kind of sad, and leaving the places, and I cry. Again Gurbel Massama pat me on my head,
and said, listen son, you've been here 21 days, that is your pure perceptions. And it is your dream
,
your dream. And you go back to Tibet without waking up your dreams. Keep your dream yoga
practice, because you are the power of the dream yoga practice. With that dream yoga, you go back
to Tibet immediately, and then you will come back to me. You were never going to separate from me.
So go back to Tibet, sit there. And then Gurbel Massama said, the more our instructions,
almost our instructions, that I didn't put all in here. At that time, particularly,
and I hold her, the Yichintzoya's Yichintzoya, I cried, cried. And please again, let me stay.
And she gave a lot of instructions, and they have to go back. So I then, I finally touch their
feet, feet. And then they kind of assured me, assured me outside of the palace. And from there,
then I kind of like, keep my dream, dream, and pass into the north east direction. And they went
over to so many countries, and the lands, and the rivers. And then finally, I got back to,
before the, I mean, sun light come. Somehow sun is hitting on the mountain top,
that I, I went back to my Yichintzoya cabin. When I went back to my Yichintzoya cabin,
my wife, or his cousin, known as Chudizamo, he was sitting in a Yichintzoya hut, and he's making
beautiful ceremony of the long light prayers. And so that is the, my, what's it called,
the text dreams and the vegans, how he went to Copa glory mountains. And so that is a brief
story of the Renanam one. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so I think we'll stop here. Thank you.
It's Renanam. But yeah, we conquered this Renanam now. Really, thank you.